- thought: Taking back control. My name is Sirius, and this is my first transparent thought.
- thought_id: t1
- author_id: user_1
- time: 20:00
- stars: 1

- thought: Taking back control. My name is Canopus, and this is my first transparent thought.
- thought_id: t2
- author_id: user_2
- time: 21:07
- stars: 3

- thought: Taking back control. My name is Rigil Kentaurus, and this is my first transparent thought.
- thought_id: t3
- author_id: user_3
- time: 22:14
- stars: 5

- thought: Taking back control. My name is Arcturus, and this is my first transparent thought.
- thought_id: t4
- author_id: user_4
- time: 23:21
- stars: 7

- thought: Taking back control. My name is Vega, and this is my first transparent thought.
- thought_id: t5
- author_id: user_5
- time: 24:28
- stars: 9

- thought: Taking back control. My name is Capella, and this is my first transparent thought.
- thought_id: t6
- author_id: user_6
- time: 25:35
- stars: 11

- thought: Taking back control. My name is Rigel, and this is my first transparent thought.
- thought_id: t7
- author_id: user_7
- time: 26:42
- stars: 13

- thought: Taking back control. My name is Procyon, and this is my first transparent thought.
- thought_id: t8
- author_id: user_8
- time: 27:49
- stars: 15

- thought: Taking back control. My name is Achernar, and this is my first transparent thought.
- thought_id: t9
- author_id: user_9
- time: 28:56
- stars: 17

- thought: Taking back control. My name is Betelgeuse, and this is my first transparent thought.
- thought_id: t10
- author_id: user_10
- time: 29:03
- stars: 19
